Hello, please show your application.
Please check what, please check
Isn't that a constitution?
You didn't ask to check, did you?
Oh, right, you didn't know that this party was held by Yang Bingbing, right? Such a high-end hotel.
If it weren't for Yang Bingbing
You can't have two in your next life, hahahaha.
It was uninvited.
Isn't that the same as begging?
Hahahaha hey Zhang Cheng
Don't blame me for not warning you.
Then Yang Bingbing has a boyfriend now
It is the lack of money from the previous life group.
Are you compared to him?
Just a puddle of mud
Zhao Zipeng, we are all classmates
Why be aggressive
Thirty Years Hedong Thirty Years Hexi
Don't bully young people
Miss has no permission.
Not allowed to be unworthy
Get out of here and don't embarrass yourself here
Security, watch out, don't let a cat and dog mix in and dirty this place
Zhao Zipeng, he is too much, and Yang Bingbing
You were so nice to him
But he was hugging Zhao Zipeng in a blink of an eye
Dump your butt
Just a bunch of jumping clowns
I don't care, I'll definitely take you in today.
Hey this gentleman
It's not your own circle, don't worry.
See what kind of bear you look like
Get out of here! What are you talking about?
Who is Mr. Zhang?
He's the one who said he won't let you be on camera
Don't look at yourself
Shut up what are you
You can get out of here from now on
Mr. Zhang, I'm sorry.
Come to our hotel if you want in the future.
You can play today.
All expenses in our hotel are free of charge.
If you have any requirements, you can put forward them at any time. Please enter.